MITx Project 1
==============

IPA Learning Tools
------------------

###Introduction

The IPA Learning Tools contain three modules for use in learning the 
International Phonetic Alphabet. There is an interactive table of IPA
symbols and sounds, a module which converts many common English words
to their IPA representations, and a small quiz module for learning the
IPA symbols and sounds present in the English language. Each module can
be used as a standalone object.

List of files:
IPAapp.html
IPAapp.css
IPAdata.js
IPAconverter.js
IPAquiz.js
IPAcharts.js
IPAserver.js

###Embedding Instructions

All of the files are located in the IPA-Interface directory within the MITx-Project-1 repository.
Go to that repository, and save all the files to a folder of your choice, just make sure you know 
where.

In order for any of these modules to work, they must connect with a server in order to recieve data about 
the words that they are given.  You can start a server on your own computer to get this working.  

To start a server:
1. You must have node.js installed on your computer.
2. Open up your command prompt, and within the cmd, direct yourself to the folder where you saved IPAserver.js saved.
3. Once you are at that folder, type "node IPAserver.js", without quotation marks.
4. You now have a server running on your machine, and will be able data from the external library

To use any of the three modules, you need the IPAdata.js file. This contains
information used by all of the modules to connect sound to the IPA characters and provides a list of 
IPA characters to be used in the quiz module.
The IPAdata.js file should be included in a script tag in the head of your HTML file before 
any other IPA tool files.
Make sure to also include the IPAapp.css file as a stylesheet in your HTML file.

To embed the IPA tables:
Each of the three available tables can be used separately.
To place a table, create a div in your HTML file with one of the following
classes: "IPAPulmonic", "IPANonPulmonic", "IPAVowels"
In the head of your HTML file, add a script tag with the source being the path
to IPAcharts.js. Make sure that the script tag for the IPAdata.js file
is included in your HTML file and comes before the script tag for IPAcharts.js.

To embed the IPA converter:
In the head of your HTML file, add a script tag:
script src="IPAconverter.js
In the body of your document, place a div with the class "IPAConverter"
wherever you want the IPA converter to be.

To embed the IPA quiz:
In the head of your HTML file, add a script tag:
script src="IPAquiz.js
In the body of your document, place a div with the class "IPAQuiz"
wherever you want the quiz module to be.